Release preparation for 2.0.1rc1 (#1608)
cookiecutter/cookiecutter: CONTRIBUTING.md

This configuration file setup the pytest-cov plugin and it is an additional dependency. It generate a coverage report after the tests.

It is possible to test with specific versions of Python. To do this, the command is:

```bash
tox -e py37,py38
```

> Will run py.test with the python3.7 and python3.8 interpreters, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run `py.test` with the `python3.7` and `python3.8` interpreters.
```
